= Haitian Voices - http://haitianvoices.org

The Haitian community has requested that CrisisCommons create a capacity for survivors to tell their story of the 2010 Haiti Earthquake. They would like to post information for survivor stories, saying thank you to the world. A construct where there would be a "wall" feature where people can go and post survivor stories. They would want to filter so that the open space is not abused. There has been an outpouring of all the communities in the world. They have been hearing so many stories. The community believes its important to capture these stories now as it is" a defining moment in our history." This would be called "Haitian Voices".

== Wiki

http://wiki.crisiscommons.org/wiki/Haitian_Voices

== IRC

irc.freenode.net #haitianvoices

== Coordinator

Chris Selmer (chris@intridea.com)

== Setup

Grab the code:
  git clone git@github.com:cselmer/HaitianVoices.git
  cd HaitianVoices 

Setup database.yml:
  cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml

Bundle dependencies:
  gem bundle

If you see this error when attempting to bundle, you need to install Bundler.
  → gem bundle
  ERROR:  While executing gem ... (RuntimeError)
      Unknown command bundle

Installing Bundler:
  sudo gem update --system
  sudo gem install bundler

Create the databases:
  rake db:create:all
  rake db:migrate

View the application:
  ruby script/server
  view at http://localhost:3000

== Testing

We're using Cucumber and Rspec.

Setup the test:database
  rake db:test:clone

Run Rspec
  rake rspec

Run Cucumber
  Rake cucumber

== Content
Run rake task to seed data
  rake db:seed

Run rake task to populate some content
  rake web:bg

Copy folders with images from content to public/images. Go to admin page, click on stories and approve newly created stories.

== Internationalization
Please no hardcoded text in views, helpers, controllers, etc. Go to config/locales and enter a name/value pair
  vsn_form_title: "Share your story"

Then in your form use the i18n t helper function
  <h1><%= t :vsn_form_title %></h1>

Please use unique prefixes (like namespaces) to prevent conflicts between views. 